I would like to begin this morning, once more by welcoming the guests who have come to
the committee room.
We have you here.
I want to call your attention if you are here for the first time who are extending to
the committee room, which has to go throughout these areas.
They will forbid any possible manifestations of approval or dis approval of any time,
and any time from my guest in the other room.
And the committee has instructed the chair and the chair has instructed the uniform members of the Capitol Police
and the same folks that were gathered in the other room.
That they are able to remove immediately from the committee room, lightly but firmly.
Any one of you who have reason best known to yourself, you have to violate the terms under which you
entered the room, namely to conduct yourself as ladies and gentlemen and to refrain from
interfering with the procedure by making possible manifestations of approval or dis approval.
Now that we are defending service, we are happy to have you here.
And I'm sure that all of you will comply with the committee rule, just as all your federal audiences
have already complied with it with very, very splendid 100% cooperation.
And the chair we followed, which includes him, was a day that was Mr. Wolf and Mr. Sinclair's time to have
ten minutes.
And so we will begin with them on the go-around before doing so.
I have stood in out.
But some of the judges have detained the ladies, meeting of the appropriations committee,
where they are lightly up the bill, as announced yesterday, now the party will be followed
around, but we will be back to this noon.
I am sure that as colleague, Mr. Dwayne Sack and Senator McClellan will be here shortly.
Now Mr. Wells, if you want to proceed with ten minutes, Mr. Sinclair, you have a very nice first this month.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Collin, yesterday, we were on the subject of whether Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam
cooperate with the human third of a party and the conduct of the important moments of investigation.
And I believe it's better to say that this question then, so I'll rate you, pretty well,
thumbs up your testimony.
If that's not so, I'm sure you'll tell me.
I ask you, well, Mr. Collin, Mrs. On page 5825.
Well, Mr. Collin, let me see if we can do this rather simply.
Can you tell me whether or not Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam cooperate with you with important moments?
Can you answer one?
Mr. Sinclair, do some extent yes, and do some extent no, sir.
Is that the fairer picture of your testimony on the evidence?
I don't know, but it's a family same very very, once again, I'm sure that answer to a very long problem.
Well, you would stand by in the answer in the next one, Jim.
With a lot of qualifications, which you don't want to hear now.
Well, the purposes of moving along, I think it's a pretty accurate family.
As I thought, I think I said on the record before that both here and the other hearings
that we have high cooperation.
I think I said on the record, so there's an incident which we have not had cooperation.
Well, that's what bothers me, Mr. Collin.
You've seen the role of a modern co-run.
But as it gets today, under all these statements, to some extent yes, to some extent no.
Is that right?
Yes.
Now, yesterday, when we adjourned, I was about ready to read to you a portion of the official report for this committee for December 8th.
And I think you looked up with your coffee up and it's all right.
Yes, I did.
And on page 56, I want to read part of it to you.
And as you, if you'll probably, I think maybe we can get along with it.
Sure, if you'd once go ahead.
I think it's probably May 56th.
Sure, you'd allow that further.
Hello, Kevin.
And this is the chairman speaking.
I think for the record, at this time, we should make it clear that we have been getting what I considered good cooperation from the Army.
And all of the individuals who will be questioning here at the Zara-leds' town of Tactivities have been interviewed.
So I'm then in the single call for number of the years.
And the Army has indicated that they are judges and judges together at the bottom of this, and as we are,
is not that collected, as you've come.
And Mr. Cone, you ask, and yes, Mr. Chairman, absolutely.
Yes.
When you went there to do not today, that the Army has been absolutely cooperative with you in this matter,
doesn't it?
I think the point there was that the people were, you said it spoke for itself.
Sure.
The people who were being called, if they spoke for itself, Mr. Cone, it speaks for itself.
Mr. Cone, this is simply as possible in having a gentleman's agreement here that some of the witnesses have to, even if you don't like these answers, give me a lot of information.
I can't believe that that's the proper procedure unless the witness consumes too much time on answer, but he does not feel that the witness is morning and made in the long answers, and he thinks it is proper.
And questions to ask, the witness should be at the given opportunity to complete a single sentence in the book.
Well, if the witness wants to go beyond the end of the idea, he's not going to speak for itself.
I, of course, will thousand of Chairman Rue, on all of the statements, thank you very much, the point was that people who were being exposed had come in there before the President Administration, which is largely correct.
And I would further stand by the statement. We have received cooperation in getting these people in and interrogating them from the Cleveland Criminal Auditor.
And then, if the statement were finally, I would put a direct jurisdiction to the very next stage.
When the public's too likely to find, will you indicate if Mr. Adam is an instant where we thought he was not cooperating with the committee?
Well, let's talk about a long and I'm December 15th. Now, the signal that we're going to be proceeding to this subcommittee, which is on page 191 that we're going to share together.
I would like to read to you another statement from the Chairman, which apparently was made in your presence.
And then, by the Chairman, I have, of course, made Senator McCarthy, who says it's power.
I may say, just so this will not be interpreted as an attack upon Secretary Steven, or those who are now inside, they have been cooperating fully with us.
And I think our justice concern, if we are, about the very, very unusual picture that is unfold.
More important, they are doing something about it.
And then Senator McCarthy said, call on my equipment.
No, you were there when the chairman of the chairman of the 15th. Yes, no doubt, sir.
You were there, weren't you? The record says I'm sure I was.
And you heard Senator McCarthy say that Mr. Stevens and those in charge had been cooperating fully and I emphasize the word fully Mr. Cohn.
Yes, so I heard him say that.
Now, how do you say it? How do you handle this opposition that under all of you say that they cooperated to some extent?
And to some extent they didn't. And yet the chairman said, and McCarthy on December 15th said they cooperated fully.
Now, there are some certain statements to you. Yes, I am.
You consider those to be consistent.
Yes.
Do you want me to go?
No, I haven't asked you any further questions.
Rather than whether or not you consider those to be consistent.
So I will. Any time you want me to answer that, I will.
Now, speaking of the situation that forced Manuel, there was a lot of talk about,
was there not Mr. Cohn during the course of the hearings?
Yes, sir.
Is it third of state so that we can cover a rather large subject rather briefly?
That the F.D. knows it was being referred to as F.D. knows that had occurred in the past.
No, sir.
That is not very state?
No.
Is it your position, Mr. Cohn, that in the course of your hearings you have suffered evidence that you would consider as a lawyer evidence?
I have been asked that was frankly being committed at Fort Marlowe.
Mr. Cohn, I can answer that if it.
By that one here in some detail, for the witnesses we have and the evidence we have for those we uncovered a situation of people who have been found to be security risks and some units of affiliations.
Just a hearing of documents and other things, but certainly would give a reasonable person more as to whether or not there was carimets to unage, whether or not the situation was right for F.D. unage,
from the concerned that was a dangerous situation.
Is the car going to be a significant danger in situations?
Before I investigate, I would say very much so.
Mr. Cohn, of course, if you investigate.
I would say very often.
You join the Honourable Court of Justice, the one talking about action that happened back in prior years.
No, I think the thing started back when the Julius Rosenberg rings, went to work down at Fort Marlowe.
Well, when did Julius Rosenberg go to work at Fort Marlowe?
Uh, by the authority, he joined the, and I could be wrong, that he joined the single call around 1940-41.
I'm sorry, but he went to slow down at Fort Marlowe.
After that, he was faced with signal, the signal, he was faced to slow it out yet.
Once the Marlowe's from time to time remained in the single call working at Marlowe's subsidiaries and sub-installations through the year 1945.
From correct.
Well, the matter of fact is, he was at Fort Marlowe's at a school for a period of ten months in 1941, isn't that right?
Yes, I think that's right.
So, after he was connected with the single call and fill it out until 1945.
That's where he might have been faced, I know he was over at Marlowe's, I know he was a story of other single call installations.
Well, at least until 1945.
Yes.
When was the apprehended search in the 1950s, I believe?
1940-49 or 1950s.
That was certainly long before Mr. Stevens was in the army.
Oh, yes.
I think it was the 1950s.
I can read for you, sir, and you hear testimony that you think you found evidence of espionage and being considered.
I already told you from the New York Times of Wednesday, November 18th written by Mr. William Arsson that it's written certain statements to Senator McCarty.
Now, I'll read part of it.
You'll have to trust me, Mr. Regent.
I'll show you what.
Robert King's team, Secretary of the Army, agreed yet today with Senator Joseph Lama-Carty, Republican and Wisconsin.
Now, that's the large interference in the single call of adversary, the Fourth Lama's New Jersey.
That extended through the four-year, then possibly has late as 1951.
Yes, sir.
Now, 1951 was long before the Stevens administration of the Army.
Isn't that right?
So, I'd like to look at that article as well.
Certainly, you may have it.
What's your hand, sir?
Yes, 1951 is before Mr. Stevens administration.
I thought there was something about not knowing when it stopped for how long after the war continued to something like that for the fifth stop.
Well, you're trying to say that there was sufficient domestic violence?
I think it's a little more than sufficient, so I believe we had some witnesses before the Stutt Committee who refused to tell the Stutt Committee under oath.
Whether there was, I see an eye, I was taught by a moment.
Certainly.
Claiming the system amendment on the ground, their answers as to whether there was, I see an eye, a panic fort, my men.
Or whether they were engaged in a conspiracy to commit, I see an eye, a moment.
On the ground, they were going to take truth to answer those questions, their answers might tend to show that they don't deal with crime.
And frankly, that's enough to put me on notice right there, and there were a number of other circumstances.
The Washington family, that Mr. Cohn, isn't it true that that was a 35-odd case to the Stutt Committee?
That was suspended at Fort Manda.
Not one of them pledged to dismiss the amendment.
I don't know the name for the 35.
I didn't ask you the name, it wasn't about a two-spaper.
I don't know whether it is or not, it's too far.
You are referring to persons who claim to dismiss the amendment.
And isn't it true that not one of them for a year is a Fort Manda?
I think I'd rather say that it may well be in this first place.
She's thinking you have to admit.
Any sentence in my right hand?
Any sentence in my left hand?
Yes, I have.
I would like to take 10 minutes, I have for a personal provision.
Here, I'm going to tell you the next slide.
I'd like to take 10 minutes.
The real letter, by me, is very short.
Mr. Chairman, I have decided to testify on those before this committee.
And therefore I am addressing the following letter,
the Senator McCarthy and other leaders.
Theary Senator McCarthy, on yesterday, you agreed to take the stand,
to testify on those with reference to the matters considered by the Stutt Committee
on privileges and elections of the United States Senate.
You will recall the Committee was chaired by Senator Henning,
and although the press were made to you to appear before it,
you persistently refuse.
You agreed to do this if I would take the stand with respect to my connections and dealings,
with Secretary Stevens and Mr. Claude Griffith,
which have been specified through in the present proceedings.
I have considered your statement, and I present here with the plan by Richard Chandee-Caridout.
I believe that I will have performed a public service of overwhelming importance.
If any action of mine can induce you to enter under oath,
the allegation formally preferred against you by the Stutt Committee,
and the wish you have here to fall persistently refused to respond,
except to the noun the Stutt Committee.
Accordingly, I have proposed that we agree on the following points.
One, you will agree to an investigation by a committee of descendants
to be afforded by the vice president upon recommendation of the majority and minority leaders of the Senate.
Despite your previous refusal, you will agree to testify under oath before this committee,
and to furnish your all relevant documents and materials without regard to any immunity or privilege.
This investigation will cover the following subject,
for all of which are included in your report of the Stutt Committee.
One, whether under the circumstances it was offered for Senator McCarty to receive $10,000 from the left-hand corporation.
Two, whether funds to fly to Senator McCarty to fight time and rhythm
or for other specific purposes were diverting to his own use.
Three, whether Senator McCarty used close associates and members of his family to speak with each income, commodity and stock speculations,
another financial transaction for all Syrian movies.
Four, whether Senator McCarty's activities on behalf of certain special interests of his housing,
sugar and China were motivated by self-interest.
Five, whether loan or other transactions Senator McCarty had with apples and safe banks or others
involved violation of the tax and banking law.
Six, whether Senator McCarty violated federal and state force practice act in connection with his 1944-1946 federal campaign
or in connection with his dealings with Rain Chairman.
Three, this investigation will prevent the June as the number of the committee are appointed and all available.
If you will agree to the full going, I will agree to take the stand in the present proceedings
and to testify out to my conversations and dealings with Secretary Steven and Mr. Clark Fluffer relating to the events
and the proceedings, the interpretation of these hearings.
I thought that you will confirm your agreement with this program.
If you are in a forwarded place, time is indicated below.
Senator here is a letter and if you will sign it, then we can get this matter settled.
Senator McCarty, please.
Yes.
Senator Arthur.
Senator McCarty.
I present the man here to get the bill.
Mr. Clark, the letter is 490-1946 for the committee.
And the chair is kept in the room and it's kept in the room and it's time to sign it.
Which I think all will agree that there's nothing but the one we do with the country that's been here for the issue.
But you complied with the effect of the chair and it's time to sign it with the action area that's won for a final presentation on court.
I said, I don't see how I can get you a final presentation of provisions to be getting the possession.
Nobody said anything about it.
I wish you wait and show it.
You're trying to come.
You will have your time now in about two minutes because it goes immediately too late.
So it's very good.
There's a very strict smear, a little bit of smirking.
No fanciest now, the one who first will go with it.
He has raised everything now with the very stricters.
I think the chair is two minutes too late.
So I'm tired of the chair.
I can't have you in my hands.
I'm going to have a wonderful, well-offer.
I'm going to have a few long hours of the work.
I'll question the right-handed submission.
I'm going to have a quick conversation.
Mr. Trump is going to have a quick conversation.
I think the only thing that people can see how low the man can think.
I have a quick conversation.
I'm going to have a quick conversation.
He's an athlete who's come before the committee and gives the information that she has in regards to investigation.
He's encouraged by saying that he wants all the old students who are here.
Now I say this Mr. Chairman.
If that is necessary, you know what I said?
If you just find the humanist family, that will be done.
If he writes presents, if he writes presents, what is enough?
I want the order committee.
So investigate the information.
If they ask me to touch the plan, I will appear.
And that is a time for me.
I will not find any Mr. Trump in the matter as far as.
But it was never seen.
While looking for nothing to do with this theory,
keep in order to get to find him to be a decent, honest individual
and get on the plan and get over the subject of criteria for the major telephone troops like in cross-examination.
I will do all of those things in the world.
You have that interest.
The creation of a special committee.
I will now consent to go before that special committee.
Now be glad to answer any of these smears that appeared in the daily work there anyplace else.
What does that make me think?
Has intelligence been up in the world as far he brings up as nothing to do with this theory?
He knows that now it has appeared just so clear to the American people that he is the individual.
He got the chief advisor of the Democat Party, Underground to be seen.
An honest secretary of the amings, who most masters to be rough,
does his politics, he might run into it.
Mr. Simon DeMiro is the Mr. Peter.
All trade on a beast, relocation, to come before the committee.
Then give us the truth.
He knows that he is not to do that.
That is the primary agent of Christ's booklets.
Now, Simon can simply just go for a trade of going on with the plan and taking the oath.
But then I say Mr. Chairman, we take an additional vote.
He is not, we will remain investigate.
And I don't investigate about him.
Investigate about his failure as anyone should reach by meeting the administration.
If there is anything against me, they should be able to present that to our grain jury they did not.
He now raises the frameless smears as right way.
But it will be just a clear Mr. Chairman.
He is misdeferred to form a special committee.
To reinvestigate those smears, to get to do something and understand,
as I understand the fate of the family, as I have taken it, as my Republican colleagues have taken it,
I will now make the firm commitment to go before that committee.
I will claim no signings and documents.
And it will work out here.
I will ask the court for a first and foremost.
May the chair say it.
Mr. Chairman, the chair still has the floor.
The chair is going to recognize you, but the chair would like to say,
if we are going to continue this mid-morning measures every month.
First, you or the senator McCarty, say something about the other.
And then saying, now I have a point of which we will do it.
It is very difficult for the chair to know how to stop that kind of waste of time,
as it is necessary to the members of the committee are concerned in the country of the chair.
Because I can do the best I can to keep it in balance that is wrong.
Normally, when somebody is attacked, a point of personal privilege is granted
as a person to defend himself.
It is not the usual procedure for them to give the attack another point of personal privilege.
But I am trying to do this thing as accurately as I can,
from the very point of the chair, who believes that the use of waste of time
takes place, but will have no control over the temperance of the justices of the words of yourself.
So, rather as a chair, it is all I can do now.
If you say that I will grant you a point of personal privilege,
I suppose you are going to use it to attack Senator McCarty,
then he will have to have a point of personal privilege.
So, whatever time you can see my words here and then get neither of you,
any more personal privilege, I shall need to continue your personal duty this morning.
Mr. Chair, may I have a moment?
I have listened carefully to what you have said.
Now, I will be glad to wait in accordance to your wishes until my time comes.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
You didn't say that Senator McCarty would have come.
Senator McCarty, you have come in as to which to be trying to get to it.
No problem.
So, I'll pardon the eye of Senator McCarty.
I have hungers in my left, my first chance.
I have some opportunity to wait for my time.
But there are some exactly ways to come in here.
It's coming in a minute.
I'm very sorry about all of this.
I say I appreciate the chair.
I believe the chair is playing one of the most important abs than this morning.
I was touched by the four other committee on the board of directors and views.
I would like to thank Mr. Chairman that I have to be asked to ask for
for the proper commitment to convene the board of directors
and the senate which morning that I asked to do a special time on President Trump before.
I don't know how early I can return with that to noon, but that will be the occasion of my absence.
If I am absent looking after this legislation, I will not have to leave this place at the start.
I'm happy to see you today and I have mentioned earlier about that.
I'd like to tell a reason people to understand one thing because we want the country to know
that there is much interest in these arrangements as many members have concerned as of.
We are reaching that stage in the station of Congress now.
Whether I commend this important bill, as they go to the office, in the middle of the floor,
every morning and every afternoon, making it virtually impossible for there to be the full attendance
of the hearings which has been impossible to maintain as a rather unusual record of tonight.
At one reason, all of a sudden, through a country enthusiast we try to establish a termination date for the hearings
and a list of witnesses so that we can know and measure our time as against this tremendously important duty
all of a step to attend you on the full time.
And the chair will excuse any of its knowledge of court at any time when they have massive
revital concerns to their particular specialization or their particular state.
Because these are not the floor attendings.
Not going to be like that, do you have time minutes to which to interrogate the list?
Hi.
If you want to use it otherwise you have to write a recommendation to the list.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, from the personal few, to the myself and Mr. Framington.
I want to make it clear that there is no personal few.
I have never been trying to get the information from Mr. Framington.
That year was really close to the great deal now.
I think I would have been able to understand here's the situation in terms of time and needs.
I would even even encourage it to list this or that if you're welcome,
it's time I wouldn't like to have you explain it to you up again right now with my voice.
Well, I think Mr. Chairman, I'm due to the fact that I have seen Mr. Framington
wrote a letter that she had not sent to me, which I've never received,
since I have shown with the clarity of my card,
except for it all that I'm looking at, not some of the many.
Mr. Framington did the GnRF8 read it well.
I believe that I have a settle now to make some similar things.
Well, I have my own account, you have only five different fingers.
Well, I have my own account.
I'll put this in the form of a customer.
Look at that.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Cone, this is the developer.
Well, remember what you were here for reference and trust upon being a judge?
As I had back down, I had been dealt with by a man with his partner
for five years last week, for conspiring to install his government support in Brown.
He had appeared for a number of years ago, and I'll be calling the year back for a year,
so he's 43.
So this man, the gentleman, has been convicted for that time,
made a public brag about the fact that he was remembered to come to his spare face.
Call of the great.
He had appeared for that one of the men who asked to be a judge here.
The author of that man with the stripes was the attempt to get higher wages for the working man,
to bring you to see him, whereby instead of getting the working man higher wages,
he gave me to accept an affectionate amount of money each month,
of these man's paychecks, which reduced the wages,
and that's a matter of condition the stripes have called off,
and that this man who brags about being a communist,
was part of a steady fraud with one of these judges here,
and trust upon being a judge,
and there's some of the steady fraud conflicts we announced,
and one of the things that is just was the deceleration of the common man,
the deceleration of the commoners,
starting and forming the commoners' association,
whether they saw the announcement,
wouldn't it say that that might possibly give some slight fits to the American people
as the by-law judge this morning comes on the fan and receives all the old smears,
why he tried so hard and got the huge advantage of the Democrats' credit
to force an end to our investigation of communists,
which he has defeated in doing.
That's best for my bloated to long,
with the total effort to answer it.
Thank you very much.
I want you all to report it to the police.
No one has no other question to tell you how you have been.
Well, I'm totally ahead of this film.
I think my last question to you was,
if it wasn't the truth that the 35 persons who were suspended from fourth Marnaissance,
that September and October,
not one of them, but the 35th Amendment.
As you know that far as I know that, right?
That's right.
There were some persons who pledged a fifth amendment in the course of those investigations,
that's also true and all fair and few, isn't that right?
He asked that it went a little deeper than that, Mr. St. Claes.
Some of those persons worked at places near Fort Monmouth,
which were doing work for Fort Monmouth,
such as the Federal Telecommunications Laboratory,
down at Nuffley.
On December 16th, we had a lady with a tap secret clearance, I believe,
who involved the fifth amendment and conservedly to commit espionage.
That was room for vengeance, right?
Now, federal telecommunications laboratory sounds like,
it's one of those elusive names that if you look into it,
you might think it's a department of the government,
but it is not as well, yes and no.
It's owned by the International Telephone and Telephone Company.
I believe it's just about 100%,
it's just about 100%,
the fence will work for the United States government,
so I suppose it has that in-between status.
But it's not under the direct control of the army.
No, that's right.
And she pledged a fifth amendment, that right?
Yeah, by the way, I better say,
here the International Telephone and Telephone Company has cooperated fully.
Well, we're under investigation about that.
We're under investigation, then.
They are sensitive.
Well, now this lady has a top secret clearance, you say.
She had a top secret clearance, then she was doing work on other secret work,
and she has pretty much the run of a flight, I believe, on secret.
Well, I just wanted to ask you this question.
Next clearance was not a clearance given by the army.
Well, I think this top secret was an Air Force clearance.
I think she also did a secret work on Army Signet Forward.
I could be wrong.
I don't know.
Well, I'm just trying to get this thing in some understandable form.
The young lady did not work at Fort Monmouth.
That's what we all agree on.
She worked at the...
She had a clearance that was not given by the army.
That week in the green on.
No, I can't agree on that.
I think that I do equal.
Well, all right, if we can't agree on it, let's have some other things.
And she worked at the federal telecommunications laboratory,
which is in nutley, majority of some 50 miles away.
Right. Right. Right.
Now...
We've had...
...